Clarify A1b2 (#953)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

        - A1a5) The time counting towards the time limit for an attempt is either the result after time penalties are applied (if the result was not DNF) or the time elapsed in the solve (if the result was DNF).
    - A1b) If the time limit for an attempt is greater than 10 minutes, a stopwatch must be used for timekeeping.
        - A1b1) A Stackmat must be used in addition to the stopwatch. Exception: for events without inspection where the competitor is expected to exceed 10 minutes, use of the Stackmat is optional.

>         - A1b2) If a time from the Stackmat timer is available, it is the original recorded time. Otherwise (e.g. the Stackmat timer malfunctioned or ran for over 10 minutes), the stopwatch time is the original recorded time.

Reviewer: Otherwise (e.g. the Stackmat timer malfunctioned, ran for over 10 minutes **or wasn't used at all**)

Author: ✔️

Reviewer 2: A stackmat cannot run for over 10 minutes. A better wording would be "stopped after 10 minutes", or "the solve exceeded 10 minutes"

>         - A1b2) If a time from the Stackmat timer is available, it is the original recorded time. Otherwise (e.g. the Stackmat timer malfunctioned, ran for over 10 minutes or wasn't used at all), the stopwatch time is the original recorded time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        - A1b2) If a time from the Stackmat timer is available, it is the original recorded time. Otherwise (e.g. the Stackmat timer malfunctioned, ran for over 10 minutes or was not used at all), the stopwatch time is the original recorded time.
```

Reviewer 3: As is just a format modification, I'm directly merging this into your PR
Edit: Apparently I can't push to "this repository". Probably because you configured the PR so administrators can't directly submit changes

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12575384/72340449-86bb4380-36c8-11ea-932f-187a53a59544.png)

Reviewer 3: I was not able to to commit as a suggestion but I was able to commit as a standard commit 🤷‍♂️
